"Christian's Dungeon Crawler" is my first attempt at a full program incorporating data structures since the
start of my computer science degree path in 2019. I have attempted to create a roguelike dungeon crawler in my
game.

The goal is to make it to the bottom floor of the dungeon. Each floor is circular. The rooms can contain enemies and
items, and each move will tell the user how far they are from the exit of the floor.

From the Dungeon Menu, the user can move left or right, check the map, check their status, check their inventory,
or quit the game.

If the user moves, the game checks the room they move into for enemies first. If an enemy exists, they battle!

The user can choose to attack, defend, or use items.

Attacking damages the enemy based on the attacker's attack stat versus the target defense. Defending restores a
little HP while doubling defense for the turn.

When using items, the user can use a healing item, or change equipment. Only using a healing item ends the
player turn.

When a battle is finished, if the player wins, a rewards screen is displayed.

Afterward, any items in the room will be picked up, and if the player has reached the exit, they will proceed to
the next floor.

When the Player reaches floor 99, they will face a final boss battle. If they are victorious, the game is won!

The user can continue to play after this point for an additional challenge if they want.

At any point outside of battle, the user can quit. If they choose to continue, they can start a new dungeon with
their current Player information saved. If they quit, the information is discarded.

KNOWN BUGS

I was not able to fix these issues before submission:

Usable items all have the same name when printing inventory
    All inventory items have the same name but display correctly in the dungeon
    Can equip items by typing the correct name into the menu, so the stored name variable is correct, it is just displaying wrong
    Items trend to be named after whatever is in that sub inventory first
        Picked up a leather tunic first then all equipment is named leather tunic
    Equipment displays incorrectly in status window
        The name it is given in the sub inventory is incorrect
    Equipment works but equips in order of displayed item name
    For example, inventory is sword and leather tunic.
        Choose to equip sword
        Equips leather tunic instead.
        Try to equip sword again: it works!
        Equipment is in the correct slots
        Inventory is updated correctly and displays correctly.

Map layout extends beyond "frame" of display window.

